Oh, carefree tree, nowhere you can find a pure
and carefree bloom.
The meadows handle with
with full badleaks
O love my out of life,
Let me in the river find my,
Let me in the water.
And lead me every hour,
Most gracious Lord,
No death near might my coming,
Let me suborn.
I need thee, O I need thee,
Every hour I need thee,
O bless me now my Savior,
I come to thee.
My life I belong,
And my heart I'll plead,
But yet, he comes and wins,
I know I won't leave.
My life I belong,
My life I'll fall,
But I'll not die,
Let me in the river find my,
Let me in the water.
My life I belong,
My life I'll fall,
But I'll not die,
Let me in the river find my,
Let me in the water.
My life I belong,
My life I'll fall,
But I'll not die,
Let me in the river find my,
Let me in the water.
My life I belong,